Reflectiz integration release (ECOINT-23) (#2580)
DataDog/integrations-extras: reflectiz/README.md

  - `reflectiz.app`: The application being assessed.

These logs highlight risks related to specific applications on your site, helping you pinpoint vulnerabilities.

#### Domain risks logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.rating.domain.risks`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).
  - `reflectiz.domain`: The domain being assessed.

These logs focus on risks related to domains, providing a clear picture of domain-specific vulnerabilities.

### Metrics
See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

## Support
For support or feature requests, contact Reflectiz through the following channels:

- Support: [support@reflectiz.com][2]
- Sales: [inbound@reflectiz.com][3]
- Website: [reflectiz.com][4]

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure
[2]: mailto:support@reflectiz.com
[3]: mailto:inbound@reflectiz.com
[4]: https://reflectiz.com
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Reflectiz

> [6]: https://storage.googleapis.com/reflectiz_dashboard_assets/datadog-metadata.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/reflectiz/metadata.csv
```

## Overview

> Reflectiz's innovative agentless solution monitors and detects vulnerabilities in all 1st, 3rd, and 4th party applications within your online ecosystems, offering complete visibility into your web risk exposure surface. It effectively prioritizes and remediates risks and compliance issues using its proprietary exposure rating system.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reflectiz's innovative agentless solution monitors and detects vulnerabilities in all 1st, 3rd, and 4th party applications within your online ecosystem, providing complete visibility into your web risk exposure. It efficiently prioritizes and remediates risks and compliance issues using its proprietary exposure rating system.  
```

> With the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog, you can elevate your website's security to the next level. This integration introduces the **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** features, enabling you to proactively assess and address potential security risks on your website.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration enhances your website's security by introducing **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** in Datadog, enabling proactive assessment and mitigation of security risks.  
```

> The integration provides a combination of logs and metrics to support both rating and alerts.

Reviewer: Should "rating" be plural here?

2. Find the **Reflectiz** tile and click **Install Integration**.
3. Click **Connect Accounts** to start the authorization process, which redirects you to the Reflectiz Platform.

### In the Reflectiz Platform

1. Enter your Reflectiz credentials to access your account.
2. Choose the appropriate license for the integration.

Once this flow is complete, Web Exposure Alerts and Rating data are available within the included dashboards.

### Link Reflectiz sites with hosts

To make your data more efficient and meaningful, you can link each of your Reflectiz sites to a host in Datadog:

1. Open the Datadog [host list][1].
2. Select a host.
3. Add a tag under the **User tag** section. The tag should follow the format `reflectiz.host.site:{domain}`, where `domain` is Reflectiz site you want to link in the format `example.com`.<br>If you want to add additional sites to a single host, you can add more tags following the format `reflectiz.host.site.1:{domain}`, `reflectiz.host.site.2:{domain}`, and so on.

Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

## Uninstallation

> To uninstall the Reflectiz integration from Datadog:

Reviewer: Redundant
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: @elie-b-ref one outstanding comment

Author: Sorry I did not saw it I committed it

> From the integration tile, select **Uninstall Integration**. 
> 
> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In Datadog, navigate to **Integrations** > select the Reflectiz tile > click **Uninstall Integration**.
2. Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][5].
```

> These steps fully remove the Reflectiz integration from your Datadog account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Overview

Take your website's security monitoring to the next level with the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog. This integration provides the **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** features, giving you the tools to assess and respond to potential security risks on your website.

### Features of the integration

> - Web Exposure Rating: know your security posture
>     - Gain a clear and comprehensive security rating for your website components. The Reflectiz Rating feature provides an at-a-glance evaluation of your website's security status, helping you understand where you stand and where improvements are needed.
> - Web Exposure Alerts: stay ahead of threats
>     - Be informed in real time about potential risks and vulnerabilities. The integration generates detailed alerts that notify you of misconfigurations, suspicious activity, and emerging threats so that you can take immediate action.
> - Seamless integration in Datadog
>     - View both the Reflectiz Rating and Risk Alerts directly within your Datadog environment. This allows you to monitor your website's security alongside performance and infrastructure metrics, all in one centralized platform.
> - Prioritize what matters most
>     - With the Reflectiz Rating and actionable alerts, you can easily identify and prioritize the most critical risks, focusing your efforts on the areas that need attention the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web Exposure Rating**: Gain a clear and comprehensive security rating for your website components. The Reflectiz Rating feature provides an at-a-glance evaluation of your website's security status, helping you understand where you stand and where improvements are needed.
- **Web Exposure Alerts**: stay ahead of threats
    - Be informed in real time about potential risks and vulnerabilities. The integration generates detailed alerts that notify you of misconfigurations, suspicious activity, and emerging threats so that you can take immediate action.
- **Seamless integration with Datadog**: View both the Reflectiz Rating and Risk Alerts directly within your Datadog environment. This allows you to monitor your website's security alongside performance and infrastructure metrics, all in one centralized platform.
- **Prioritize what matters most**: With the Reflectiz Rating and actionable alerts, you can easily identify and prioritize the most critical risks, focusing your efforts on the areas that need attention the most.
```

Reviewer 2: The different bullets here aren't consistent with each other. If you want to change it this way, I suggest:

```suggestion
- **Web Exposure Rating**: Gain a clear and comprehensive security rating for your website components. The Reflectiz Rating feature provides an at-a-glance evaluation of your website's security status, helping you understand where you stand and where improvements are needed.
- **Web Exposure Alerts**: Be informed in real time about potential risks and vulnerabilities. The integration generates detailed alerts that notify you of misconfigurations, suspicious activity, and emerging threats so that you can take immediate action.
- **Seamless integration with Datadog**: View both the Reflectiz Rating and Risk Alerts directly within your Datadog environment. This allows you to monitor your website's security alongside performance and infrastructure metrics, all in one centralized platform.
- **Prioritize what matters most**: With the Reflectiz Rating and actionable alerts, you can easily identify and prioritize the most critical risks, focusing your efforts on the areas that need attention the most.
```

## Setup

Follow these steps to integrate Reflectiz with your Datadog account:

### In Datadog

> 1. Go to the **Integrations** section of your Datadog dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Integrations** tab in Datadog.
```

2. Find the **Reflectiz** tile and click **Install Integration**.
3. Click **Connect Accounts** to start the authorization process, which redirects you to the Reflectiz Platform.

### In the Reflectiz Platform

1. Enter your Reflectiz credentials to access your account.
2. Choose the appropriate license for the integration.

Once you complete these steps, your Reflectiz Dashboards are available in Datadog.

### Link Reflectiz sites with hosts

To make your data more efficient and meaningful, you can link each of your Reflectiz sites to a host in Datadog:

1. Open the Datadog [host list][1].
2. Select a host.
3. Add a tag under the **User tag** section. The tag should follow the format `reflectiz.host.site:{domain}`, where `domain` is Reflectiz site you want to link in the format `example.com`.<br>If you want to add additional sites to a single host, you can add more tags following the format `reflectiz.host.site.1:{domain}`, `reflectiz.host.site.2:{domain}`, and so on.

> Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

Author: Hello the integration hit the log endpoint, it does not send any events, Thanks

> Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

Reviewer: Since this integration is sending logs, a log pipeline will need to be created. Please see our docs here: https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/log_pipeline/

> Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

Author: Thanks for the review, I will add a log pipeline but since my process already sends the logs through the API with all the necessary tags and attributes no processor are needed.

> Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

Reviewer: @elie-b-ref Can you share a raw log sample (what the log looks like before being ingested in Datadog)?

> Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

Author: Sorry but I don't have such things, currently our company does not provide something that we could refer as logs and that we could directly ingest into Datadog
The logs I am sending to Datadog in this integration were created for it on our side, therefore I am using the API to ingest them with the right message and the right tags directly 
If I had to answer you straightforward I would tell you that the log before being ingested into Datadog and after is exactly the same since I am already ingesting it with all the necessary attributes and key 
If you want an example of such a log here is one 

```
{
    "ddsource":"reflectiz",
    "ddtags":"reflectiz.site:test,reflectiz.scan:test,reflectiz.scan.number:1",
    "message":"Scan Data Sent to Datadog",
    "service":"reflectiz.v1.scan",
    "timestamp": 1737876493000
}
```

This is an example log I am sending to the endpoint 

https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/api/v2/logs

## Uninstallation

To uninstall the Reflectiz integration from Datadog:

1. Open your Datadog dashboard and navigate to the **Integrations** section.
2. Find the **Reflectiz** tile in the list of installed integrations.
3. Click on the integration tile and select **Uninstall Integration**.
4. Delete the API key associated with Reflectiz from your Datadog account. This ensures the integration no longer has access to your data.

> These steps fully remove the Reflectiz integration from your Datadog account.

Author: No, no steps need to be taken on reflectiz side, once the integration has been removed.

## Data Collected

> ### Logs

Author: The reflectiz Logs are being sent as logs, but other Reflectiz data is also sent as Metrics
This integration for now will provide Logs and Metrics

## Overview

> Take your website's security monitoring to the next level with the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog. This powerful integration delivers two essential features: **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts**, giving you the tools to assess and respond to potential security risks on your website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take your website's security monitoring to the next level with the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog. This integration provides the **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** features, giving you the tools to assess and respond to potential security risks on your website.
```

> ### Why This Integration is Essential for You
> 
> 1. **Web Exposure Rating: Know Your Security Posture**  
>    Gain a clear and comprehensive security rating for your website components. The Reflecting Rating feature provides an at-a-glance evaluation of your website's security status, helping you understand where you stand and where improvements are needed.
> 
> 2. **Web Exposure Alerts: Stay Ahead of Threats**  
>    Be informed in real-time about potential risks and vulnerabilities. The integration generates detailed alerts that notify you of misconfigurations, suspicious activity, or emerging threats, so you can take immediate action.
> 
> 3. **Seamless Integration in Datadog**  
>    View both the Reflecting Rating and Risk Alerts directly within your Datadog environment. This allows you to monitor your website's security alongside performance and infrastructure metrics, all in one centralized platform.
> 
> 4. **Prioritize What Matters Most**  
>    With the Reflecting Rating and actionable alerts, you can easily identify and prioritize the most critical risks, focusing your efforts on the areas that need attention the most.
> 
> ---
> 
> This integration simplifies your security monitoring by providing two essential features—**Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts**—to ensure you have the insights and notifications you need to keep your website safe, all from within Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Features of the integration

- Web Exposure Rating: know your security posture
    - Gain a clear and comprehensive security rating for your website components. The Reflecting Rating feature provides an at-a-glance evaluation of your website's security status, helping you understand where you stand and where improvements are needed.
- Web Exposure Alerts: stay ahead of threats
    - Be informed in real time about potential risks and vulnerabilities. The integration generates detailed alerts that notify you of misconfigurations, suspicious activity, and emerging threats so that you can take immediate action.
- Seamless integration in Datadog
    - View both the Reflecting Rating and Risk Alerts directly within your Datadog environment. This allows you to monitor your website's security alongside performance and infrastructure metrics, all in one centralized platform.
- Prioritize what matters most
    - With the Reflecting Rating and actionable alerts, you can easily identify and prioritize the most critical risks, focusing your efforts on the areas that need attention the most.
```

## Setup

Follow these steps to integrate Reflecting Rating with your Datadog account:

### In Datadog

> 1. **Navigate to Integrations**:  
>    Go to the **Integrations** section in your Datadog dashboard.
>  
> 2. **Install the Reflecting Integration**:  
>    Find the **Reflectiz** tile and click **Install Integration**.
> 
> 3. **Authorize the Integration**:  
>    Click **Connect Accounts** to start the authorization process. You will be redirected to the Reflectiz Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Integrations** section of your Datadog dashboard.
2. Find the **Reflectiz** tile and click **Install Integration**.
3. Click **Connect Accounts** to start the authorization process, which redirects you to the Reflectiz Platform.
```

> ### In Reflectiz Platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### In the Reflectiz Platform
```

> 1. **Log In**:  
>    Enter your Reflectiz credentials to access your account.
> 
> 2. **Select Your License**:  
>    Choose the appropriate license for the integration.
> 
> Once these steps are completed, your Reflectiz Dashboards will be available in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter your Reflectiz credentials to access your account.
2. Choose the appropriate license for the integration.

Once you complete these steps, your Reflectiz Dashboards are available in Datadog.
```

> ### Link the Hosts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Link Reflectiz sites with hosts
```

> To make your data more efficient and meaningful you can link each of your reflectiz sites to a host in datadog, to do so follow these simple steps:  
> 
> 1. Open the [Host list](https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure) in your Datadog platform.
> 
> 2. Select a Host
> 
> 3. Add a tag under the User tag section
> 
> 4. The tag should look like this ```reflectiz.host.site:{site domain}```
> 
> 5. If you want to add additional sites to a single host you can add more tags like this:
> 
>    * ```reflectiz.host.site.1:{site domain}```
>    * ```reflectiz.host.site.2:{site domain}```
>    * ```reflectiz.host.site.3:{site domain}```
>    * etc...
> 
> In the example site domain is the domain of your site for example: ```example.com```.  
> Once this is done all Metrics and Logs sent by the reflectiz integration for the site will be related to the Host
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make your data more efficient and meaningful, you can link each of your Reflectiz sites to a host in Datadog:

1. Open the Datadog [host list][1].
2. Select a host.
3. Add a tag under the **User tag** section. The tag should follow the format `reflectiz.host.site:{domain}`, where `domain` is Reflectiz site you want to link in the format `example.com`.<br>If you want to add additional sites to a single host, you can add more tags following the format `reflectiz.host.site.1:{domain}`, `reflectiz.host.site.2:{domain}`, and so on.

Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

```

## Uninstallation

To uninstall the Reflectiz integration from Datadog:

> 
> 1. **Go to the Integrations Section**:  
>    Open your Datadog dashboard and navigate to the **Integrations** section.
> 
> 2. **Locate the Reflectiz Integration**:  
>    Find the **Reflectiz** tile in the list of installed integrations.
> 
> 3. **Uninstall the Integration**:  
>    Click on the integration tile and select **Uninstall Integration**.
> 
> 4. **Delete the API Key (Optional but Recommended)**:  
>    After uninstalling, remember to delete the API key associated with Reflectiz from your Datadog account. This ensures the integration no longer has access to your data.
> 
> This will fully remove the Reflectiz integration from your Datadog account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. Open your Datadog dashboard and navigate to the **Integrations** section.
2. Find the **Reflectiz** tile in the list of installed integrations.
3. Click on the integration tile and select **Uninstall Integration**.
4. Delete the API key associated with Reflectiz from your Datadog account. This ensures the integration no longer has access to your data.

These steps fully remove the Reflectiz integration from your Datadog account.
```

## Data Collected

### Logs

The Reflectiz integration sends different types of logs to Datadog, each associated with a specific service. These logs provide detailed insights into scans, app risks, and domain risks, helping you monitor your website's security effectively.

> #### 1. **Scan Logs**
> - **Log Service Name**: `reflectiz.v1.scan`
> - **Tags**:
>   - `reflectiz.site`: Identifies the site being scanned.
>   - `reflectiz.scan`: Give an identifier to the scan.
>   - `reflectiz.scan.number`: Give an identifier to the scan as an integer for more filtering options.
> 
> These logs trigger each time a scan was run on a website.
> 
> #### 2. **Alert Logs**
> - **Log Service Name**: `reflectiz.v1.alerts`
> - **Tags**:
>   - `reflectiz.site`: Identifies the site being scanned.
>   - `reflectiz.scan`: Give an identifier to the scan.
>   - `reflectiz.scan.number`: Give an identifier to the scan as an integer for more filtering options.
>   - `reflectiz.app`: The app that is related to the alert (might be not provided).
>   - `reflectiz.domain`: The domain that is related to the alert (might be not provided).
> 
> These logs highlights alerts triggered during the site's scan.
> 
> 
> #### 3. **Rating Scan Logs**
> - **Log Service Name**: `reflectiz.v1.scan`
> - **Tags**:
>   - `reflectiz.site`: Identifies the site being scanned.
>   - `reflectiz.scan`: Give an identifier to the scan.
>   - `reflectiz.scan.number`: Give an identifier to the scan as an integer for more filtering options.
> 
> These logs trigger each time a scan was run on a website and the ratings was calculated (useful to filter the rating data).
> 
> #### 4. **App Risks Logs**
> - **Log Service Name**: `reflectiz.v1.rating.app.risks`
> - **Tags**:
>   - `reflectiz.site`: Indicates the site associated with the app.
>   - `reflectiz.scan`: References the specific scan the log corresponds to.
>   - `reflectiz.scan.number`: Give an identifier to the scan as an integer for more filtering options.
>   - `reflectiz.app`: Identifies the application being assessed.
> 
> These logs highlight risks related to specific applications on your site, helping you pinpoint vulnerabilities.
> 
> #### 5. **Domain Risks Logs**
> - **Log Service Name**: `reflectiz.v1.rating.domain.risks`
> - **Tags**:
>   - `reflectiz.site`: Indicates the site associated with the domain.
>   - `reflectiz.scan`: References the specific scan the log corresponds to.
>   - `reflectiz.scan.number`: Give an identifier to the scan as an integer for more filtering options.
>   - `reflectiz.domain`: Identifies the domain being assessed.
> 
> These logs focus on risks related to domains, providing a clear picture of domain-specific vulnerabilities.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Scan logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.scan`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).

These logs trigger each time a scan is run on a website.

#### Alert logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.alerts`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).
  - `reflectiz.app`: The app that is related to the alert, if present.
  - `reflectiz.domain`: The domain that is related to the alert, if present.

These logs highlights alerts triggered during the site's scan.

#### Rating scan logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.scan`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).

These logs trigger each time a scan is run on a website and the ratings are calculated, and they can be useful when filtering the rating data.

#### App risks logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.rating.app.risks`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).
  - `reflectiz.app`: The application being assessed.

These logs highlight risks related to specific applications on your site, helping you pinpoint vulnerabilities.

#### Domain risks logs
- **Log service name**: `reflectiz.v1.rating.domain.risks`
- **Tags**:
  - `reflectiz.site`: The site being scanned.
  - `reflectiz.scan`: The identifier of the scan.
  - `reflectiz.scan.number`: The identifier of the scan as an integer (for more filtering options).
  - `reflectiz.domain`: The domain being assessed.

These logs focus on risks related to domains, providing a clear picture of domain-specific vulnerabilities.

```

> ---
> 
> By analyzing these logs in your Datadog dashboard, you can gain actionable insights into the security posture of your sites, apps, and domains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Metrics

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Reflectiz integration does not include any metrics.

```

## Support

> For support or feature requests, please contact Reflectiz through the following channels:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For support or feature requests, contact Reflectiz through the following channels:
```

> - Support email: support@reflectiz.com
> - Sales email: inbound@reflectiz.com
> - Website: reflectiz.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support: [support@reflectiz.com][2]
- Sales: [inbound@reflectiz.com][3]
- Website: [reflectiz.com][4]

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/infrastructure
[2]: mailto:support@reflectiz.com
[3]: mailto:inbound@reflectiz.com
[4]: https://reflectiz.com
```

## Overview

> Reflectiz's innovative agentless solution monitors and detects vulnerabilities in all 1st, 3rd, and 4th party applications within your online ecosystems, offering complete visibility into your web risk exposure surface. It effectively prioritizes and remediates risks and compliance issues using its proprietary exposure rating system.  
> With the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog, you can elevate your website's security to the next level. This integration introduces the **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** features, enabling you to proactively assess and address potential security risks on your website.  
> The integration provides a combination of logs and metrics to support both rating and alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reflectiz's innovative agentless solution monitors and detects vulnerabilities in all 1st, 3rd, and 4th party applications within your online ecosystems, offering complete visibility into your web risk exposure surface. It effectively prioritizes and remediates risks and compliance issues using its proprietary exposure rating system.  

With the **Reflectiz Integration** for Datadog, you can elevate your website's security to the next level. This integration introduces the **Web Exposure Rating** and **Web Exposure Alerts** features, enabling you to proactively assess and address potential security risks on your website.  

The integration provides a combination of logs and metrics to support both rating and alerts.
```

3. Click **Connect Accounts** to start the authorization process, which redirects you to the Reflectiz Platform.

### In the Reflectiz Platform

1. Enter your Reflectiz credentials to access your account.
2. Choose the appropriate license for the integration.

Once this flow is complete, Web Exposure Alerts and Rating data are available within the included dashboards.

### Link Reflectiz sites with hosts

To make your data more efficient and meaningful, you can link each of your Reflectiz sites to a host in Datadog:

1. Open the Datadog [host list][1].
2. Select a host.
3. Add a tag under the **User tag** section. The tag should follow the format `reflectiz.host.site:{domain}`, where `domain` is Reflectiz site you want to link in the format `example.com`.<br>If you want to add additional sites to a single host, you can add more tags following the format `reflectiz.host.site.1:{domain}`, `reflectiz.host.site.2:{domain}`, and so on.

Once you complete these steps, all Metrics and Logs sent by the Reflectiz integration for the site are related to the host.

## Uninstallation

To uninstall the Reflectiz integration from Datadog:

> - From the integration tile, select **Uninstall Integration**. 
> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][5].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the integration tile, select **Uninstall Integration**. 

Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][5].
```
